Update movie-recommendation-model-builder.md (#45075)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/tutorials/movie-recommendation-model-builder.md

    4.577113
    ```

> Congratulations! You've successfully built a machine learning model for movies recommendation using Model Builder. You can find the source code for this tutorial at the [dotnet/machinelearning-samples](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning-samples/tree/main/samples/modelbuilder/MatrixFactorization_MovieRecommendation) GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You've successfully built a machine learning model for movie recommendations using Model Builder. You can find the source code for this tutorial at the [dotnet/machinelearning-samples](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning-samples/tree/main/samples/modelbuilder/MatrixFactorization_MovieRecommendation) GitHub repository.
```
